Updating private locations with more details (#5662)
DataDog/documentation: content/en/synthetics/private_locations.md

6. You should now be able to use your new private location as any other Datadog managed locations for your [Synthetics API tests][1] or [Synthetics Browser tests][2].

## Configuration

> The `synthetics-private-location-worker` comes with a number of options that can be set to configure your private locations through the launch command or the configuration file. Arguments set in the launch command have precedence over the configuration file. However these options aren't stored and are consequently only prevalent for a given launch:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The `synthetics-private-location-worker` comes with a number of options that can be set to configure your private locations through the launch command or the configuration file. Arguments set in the launch command have precedence over the configuration file. However, these options aren't stored and are consequently only prevalent for a given launch:
```

> The `synthetics-private-location-worker` comes with a number of options that can be set to configure your private locations through the launch command or the configuration file. Arguments set in the launch command have precedence over the configuration file. However these options aren't stored and are consequently only prevalent for the a given launch:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The `synthetics-private-location-worker` comes with a number of options that can be set to configure your private locations through the launch command or the configuration file. Arguments set in the launch command have precedence over the configuration file. However these options aren't stored and are consequently only prevalent for a given launch:
```

| `dnsUseHost`             | Boolean          | `false`                                              | Use local DNS config in addition to --dnsServer (currently `["<DEFAULT_DNS_IN_HOST_CONFIG"]`)                                                                       |
| `blacklistedRange`       | Array of Strings | [IANA IPv4/IPv6 Special-Purpose Address Registry][3] | Deny access to IP ranges (e.g. `--blacklistedRange.4="127.0.0.0/8" --blacklistedRange.6="::1/128"`)                                                                 |
| `whitelistedRange`       | Array of Strings | `none`                                               | Grant access to IP ranges (has precedence over `--blacklistedRange`)                                                                                                |
| `site`                   | String           | `datadoghq.com`                                      | Datadog site (`datadoghq.com` or `datadoghq.eu`)                                                                                                                    |

> | `proxy`                  | String           | `none`                                               | Proxy URL                                                                                                                                                           |

Reviewer: The array is small enough i think for this :)

| `logFormat`              | String           | `pretty`                                             | Format log output  [choices: `"pretty"`, `"json"`]. Setting your log format to `json` allows you to have these logs automatically parsed when collected by Datadog. |
| `concurrency`            | Integer          | `10`                                                 | Maximum number of tests executed in parallel.                                                                                                                       |
| `maxTimeout`             | Integer          | `60000`                                              | Maximum test execution duration, in milliseconds.                                                                                                                   |
| `maxBodySize`            | Integer          | `5e+6`                                               | Maximum HTTP body size for download, in bytes.                                                                                                                      |

> | `maxBodySizeIfProcessed` | Integer          | `5e+6`                                               | Maximum HTTP body size for assertion, in bytes.                                                                                                                     |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `maxBodySizeIfProcessed` | Integer          | `5e+6`                                               | Maximum HTTP body size for the assertions, in bytes.                                                                                                                     |
```

> | `maxBodySizeIfProcessed` | Integer          | `5e+6`                                               | Maximum HTTP body size for assertion, in bytes.                                                                                                                     |

Reviewer: Indeed, it might be better with an "aggregated" format, but using another format than the one supported might create some friction, wdyt ?

| `regexTimeout`           | Integer          | `500`                                                | Maximum duration for regex execution, in milliseconds.                                                                                                              |

**Note**: These options and more can be found by running the help command for the Datadog worker `docker run --rm datadog/synthetics-private-location-worker --help`.

### Proxy configuration

> If the traffic has to go through a proxy, you need to set the `proxy` option to your proxy URL in a curl-like way (`--proxy=http://<YOUR_USER>:<YOUR_PWD>@<YOUR_IP>:<YOUR_PORT> URL` for instance). If you use this, no additional configuration on your proxy should be neeeded.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If the traffic has to go through a proxy, you need to set the `proxy` option to your proxy URL in a curl-like way (`--proxy=http://<YOUR_USER>:<YOUR_PWD>@<YOUR_IP>:<YOUR_PORT> URL` for instance). If you use this, no additional configuration on your proxy should be needed.
```

### DNS configuration

By default, the Datadog workers use `8.8.8.8` to perform DNS resolution. If it fails, it makes a second attempt to communicate with `1.1.1.1`.

> If you are testing an internal URL and need to use an internal DNS server you can set the `dnsServer` option to a specific DNS IP address. Alternatively leverage the `dnsUseHost` parameter to have your worker use your local DNS config (usually using the config located in `etc/resolv.conf`)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you are testing an internal URL and need to use an internal DNS server you can set the `dnsServer` option to a specific DNS IP address. Alternatively leverage the `dnsUseHost` parameter to have your worker use your local DNS config from the `etc/resolv.conf` file.
```
